Feature requirements for mobile warehouses also referred to as "Kits":

Purpose:
Kits are mobile warehouses that are inside trailer that are towed by trucks.  The follow the aircraft to it's various operating bases and it is used by the mechanics assigned to that aircraft for maintenance operations.

Kit Format:

The kits are a collection of hardcase boxes that store parts/tools/consumables.  They are numbered as "Box1", "Box2", Etc.  Each box also only contains either consumables, tooling, or expendables.  So a kit may have 7 boxes, 4 for expendable, 2 for tooling, and 1 for consumables, just as an example.  The is also a spot on the floor for large items like main tires and tow bars, and a "Loose" location for the items located in cabinets that are arranged by the mechanics as they like.

Requirements:

Each kit must have at least one box for expendables, tooling, and consumables. Each kit must also have a loose and floor location.  

This module should have a new navigation tab.

Tooling and chemicals must be transferred into a kit, but expendables will be added manually.

Expendables are tracked by Part Number, Serial or Lot number, description, quantity, location, etc

The system should have a kit wizard for creating new kits, and be able to use kits that have been created as templates for more kits.  So it I create one kit using the wizard named "Q400Kit1" then I can duplicate that to make Q400Kit2, Q400Kit3 etc.

Each kit is aircraft type specific.  Currently, only include kit for Q400s, RJ85s, and CL415s.  But allow the Admin to add other airframes as needed. 

There needs to be full functionality for mechanics to issue parts and consumables out of their kits.  There also needs to be automatic reordering, with request generation and fulfillment tracking.  

Additional reporting needs to be added to cover all the new functionality.

There needs to be a tool/consumable transfer system for moving parts between kits and other warehouses.

The needs to be a method for Stores personnel to send messages back and forth between the mechanics and themselves if they have questions or need more information about an issue or replenishment.

Tools need to be able to be transferred out and replaced when they are broken or need calibration.  There should be an alert for the mechanic and Stores personnel when tooling or chemicals are near there remove from service dates.

 